About Adsophos:
Adsophos is a technical fest that plays an important role in the college curriculum.  From facilitating and enhancing networking skills to helping students get better at man-management and speaking skills , this season of college fests provide students, a great learning curve, amassing things they’d label as ‘wonderful memories’ after they graduate. The learning that happens at a fest, be it the experience of being a team player, is no match to a classroom atmosphere. It builds the feeling that you’re part of the college.  It  is one such event where young brains get to showcase their skills and compete with others to find the best. It is not just about the competitions but also events where a lot of those new ideas are seen live to teach and inspire youth.  It signifies the need to work together for success. Such inspiring events that happen every year that aim on guiding MJCETians to dream bigger and make those dreams come true.

about CSE: Scientist dream about doing great thing. Engineers do them.
Welcome to Computer Science Engineering department, MJCET.
In late '80s, society created a caricature of what a havker or a programmer looked like: a guy wearing a hoodie, drinking energy drinks, sitting in basement somewhere coding. Today, programmers look like people we see in 'Silicon Valley'. We learned long ago that when you share your knowledge with someone else, one plus one usually equals three. You both learn each other's ideas, and you come up with new ones. The whole system is set up to foster the creation amd advancement of new technologies. Our aim is to contribute competent computer science professionals to the global talent pool to meet the constantly evolving societal needs.
Every year CSE students participate in events and hackathons giving out extraordinary performances and contributing solutions to real time problems. CSE with growing years has proved its excellence in academics as well as cocurricular activities.














Robo League

Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology

                      Warm Greetings 
                             from 
                       ROBOTICS MJCET
  - Where creativity meets technology

Team Robotics is overwhelmed to introduce the first ever Robotics tournament titled ROBO LEAGUE 2K19 on 11th and 12th febraury 2019.

ADSOPHOS-2K19 is on its cards and Robotics Centre MJCET presents The most interesting League!! 

WHAT IS ROBO LEAGUE?
It is Tournament of Soccer  Robot.Participants will be given the pre-built  robots by Robotics Centre to participate in the tournament.

HOW CAN YOU ENROLL?
You can come with your friend and participate.There should be a  team of two to participate in this league.

HOW MANY ROUNDS WILL BE IN ROBO LEAGUE ?
 Firstly Eight teams will compete and four teams will be eliminated in first round and the 4 winning teams will compete in semi final's.2 teams will be eliminated and 2 winning teams will move ahead with the final's.

What will the winner get?
The winner and runner up will be awarded with the cash prize on the closing ceremony of ADSOPHOS.

Save the date of ADSOPHOS 11th and 12th Febraury 2019 to participate and shine as winner in the interesting Robo tournament!!

Registration fee: 100/- per team


For any queries you can
Contact us:
Ifrahur   - 8332935941
Sohail    - 8125166036

Timings: 9:00am to 5pm

Register yourself with the link below:

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSezmowDCL5UFR2oqVmDN2mhupx12NVtFlcWVjM6C78lP7Plhg/viewform?usp=sf_link


Follow us on:

Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/roboticsmjcet/

Facebook : https://m.facebook.com/roboticsmjcet/

Snapchat Id : roboticsmjcet

Visit: www.roboticsmjcet.com














BEGIN YOUR MJCET ADSOPHOS JOURNEY THE RIGHT WAY. 
Drop by the Orators’ alley to experience a plethora of fun and engaging events organised by the Orators’ Team. 

Clueless
Are you another teenager who is clueless all the time? Ever faced the problem of not being able to hear someone through the loud music playing on your earphones? 
Trying to guess what they're saying and basically guess your way through life.
With Clueless and it's two rounds- Hint me Up and Whisper Challenge, you can finally put those supposedly "useless" talents to good use and win big(for once).
Remember, it's all about being clueless but together, having fun. 




Wolf of Orators' Street
Feeling short on words? Refill your vocabulary with our in-house auction. 
Teams of two compete against others in this auction of the English lexicon 
Unleash your inner CEO and become a wolf of the bidding house by utilising your budget while bringing out your inner erudite!
Bid it, to win it

Birdbox
One team. Two members.
Experience the horrifying thrill of birdbox where: if you see it you die. All you have is a sword and the voice of your partner which guides you towards the demons you must slay. 
Do you have what it takes to survive?


















PUBG Auction

PUBG AUCTION : Total of 6 teams , each team of 2 members will be competing each other in a contest of buying the most powerful guns from 3 different categories namely : Smg , Rifle , Sniper rifle .   And different attachments , once all yhe guns are sold the final damage points and stability points will be multiplied by a factor to give afinal total score and the team with highest score wins the round !



Escape room:  An adventurous game with challenging puzzles, keywords and hidden secrets to avail 3 keys needed to escape the trap. The team consists of a blindfolded participant accompanied by a guide. All the codes are linked to each other, so the smartest duo will make it through and win an exciting cash prize.


Monopoly: The legendary board game, now in real life. Presenting the classroom as a board with matching tiles in the play area. The game commences with a team of 2 members and a total of 4 teams at a time. One member acts as a pawn and  the other rolls the die and guides the pawn.  Each team gets an initial capital for expenditure.  Trading of properties include the 7 wonders of the world and major cities. Basic rules remain the same as the that of the original board game


AutoCAD : Individuals compete against each other in 3 different rounds , where they will be asked to draw different set of drawings 
Points will be awarded according to  each detailed work completed and to the person who  finishes the round first !






About Civil:

Computer Lab
VISION
To produce technically competent and socially responsible civil engineers to propel infrastructural development.

MISSION
To impart quality education and inculcate professional skills to function as proficient planners, designers & constructors capable of ensuring sustainability and safety.



This